1. What are the types of data available to you?

I am looking at STARR test results in 2012. STARR tests are standardized tests conducted across California. These results are formatted as a relational
table, with attributes:
	County Code
	District Code
	School Code
	Charter Number
	Test Year
	Subgroup
	Test Type
	CAPA Assessment Level
	Total STAR Enrollment
	Total Tested At Entity Level
	Total Tested At Subgroup Level
	Grade
	Test Id
	STAR Reported Enrollment/CAPA Eligible
	Students Tested
	Percent Tested
	Mean Scale Score
	Percentage Advanced
	Percentage Proficient
	Percentage At Or Above Proficient
	Percentage Basic
	Percentage Below Basic
	Percentage Far Below Basic
	Students with Scores
	CM/STS Average Percent Correct
Among the more interesting attributes are School Code, Grade, Mean Scale Score, and the Percentage data.

2. For data sets: how many records are in the data set?

339321 records

3. Provide an "interesting" record, explain its properties and why it is interesting.
1	County Code
10017	District Code
130401	School Code
0	Charter Number
2012	Test Year
1	Subgroup
C	Test Type
0	CAPA Assessment Level
189	Total STAR Enrollment
188	Total Tested At Entity Level
188	Total Tested At Subgroup Level
13	Grade
18	Test Id
<blank>	STAR Reported Enrollment/CAPA Eligible
11	Students Tested
<blank>	Percent Tested
177	Mean Scale Score
0	Percentage Advanced
0	Percentage Proficient
0	Percentage At Or Above Proficient
0	Percentage Basic
0	Percentage Below Basic
100	Percentage Far Below Basic
1	Students with Scores
<blank>	CM/STS Average Percent Correct

This record is interesting for a number of reasons. First, if you do a join using this record with the entities list, you will find that this school code points to Alameda's Juvenile Hall/Court. This record could provide interesting information comparing education in juvenile hall versus education in private and/or public schools. Another interesting point is that all students scored in the lowest percentile. Is this indicative of a lack of effort to educate young criminals? Finally, it is interesting to point out that even though 11 students were tested, only 1 had scores to report. Does this imply that the 10 other students did not fill in any answers? Or something else? We can use this among other juvenile hall records to see if there's a trend present here that separates them from other schools.

4. What are 3 questions you could answer using your data?

Where are the best performing schools located?
Are Juvenile hall schools exhibiting interesting differences from other schools?
Do private schools perform better than public schools?

